What's wrong? Are you unhappy?
Without you, I can't escape my eyes
Go ahead.
More or less influenced by today's events
Dad Jiang Caicai is shameless
Open a room with a wild man
corrupt the door style
It seriously affected the reputation of the Jiang family
Is what Xiaoxue said true?
He lied, obviously he found someone to hurt me
Xiaoxue is pure and kind
How could I wrong you for being innocent and kind?
Dad, I'm your daughter
He's just your illegitimate daughter
Why do you believe him and not me?
What happened to the illegitimate daughter?
I forbid you to look down on him
Dad, he corrupted the door
Get him out of here
Oh, right.
And his mother.
Let's get out together
Dad, you don't know yet
I have a boyfriend
him
He is the president whose strength and status crush the Jiang family
Really?
Daughter
Did you give Dad a big surprise?
Dad, how about you?
If you want him to help the Jiang family in their career
If you go to the next level, then
Jiang Caicai, you and your mother get out of Jiang's house immediately!
My mom and I are sincere to you
You can't do that.
Hmph, I still have the final say in the Jiang family
Get out of here